2001: A Space Odyssey - 2001 is the story of human evolution. The movie consists of 3 main parts: pre history, the future and technology, and back to earth. The story goes from prehistorical times where men and nature were at peace with each other until a monolith (and planet alignment) appears. This is a pivotal moment in human evolution after which we discover tools which we decide to use for killing and survival. The second part is about how our knowledge has evolved to a point where we've conquered the planet and how a new tool (HAL) becomes self-aware deciding to kill the human explorers (quite a mind-blowing twist from the firstpart). The third part has to do with our next step in the evolutionary process that leads us back to earth after facing our truly uneventful life in a ficticious reality of our own construct. All leading to another chance at getting it right ...

Star Wars: Episode IV -A New Hope - Luke Skywalker stays with his foster aunt and uncle on a farm on Tatooine. He isdesperate to get off this planet and get to the Academy like his friends, but his uncle needs him for the next harvest. Meanwhile, an evil emperor has taken over the galaxy, and has constructed a formidable "Death Star" capable of destroying whole planets. Princess Leia, a leader in the resistance movement, acquires plans of the Death Star, places them in R2-D2, a droid, and sends him off to find Obi-Wan Kenobi. Before he finds him, R2-D2 ends up on the Skywalkers' farm with his friend C-3PO. R2-D2 then wanders into the desert, and when Luke follows, they eventually come across Obi-Wan. Will Luke, Obi-Wan and the two droids be able to destroy the Death Star, or will the Emperor rule forever? ...

The Shining - A novelist -Jack Torrance take a job interview as winter caretaker of the isolated, old, huge and beautiful Overlook Hotel. In the interview, Jack is told by the manager himself, that the previous caretaker -Grady, chopped his family and later killed himself with a shotgun. Ignoring the story, Jack brings his wife -Wendy and his son Danny. It happens that Danny, has a mysterious power known as "The Shining" that shows him things from the past and future. Some of the visions come from Tony -"the little boy who lives in Danny's mouth". Danny meets Hallorann -the hotel cook in their first day arriving at the Overlook, who also has this "Shining" and he warns him about the hotel and the sinister Room 237. As the days go by, Danny has visions of previous guests and employees who died at the hotel years before, meanwhile Jack starts driving into insanity, turning more and more aggressive, at the point that Danny and Wendy gets convinced that Jack might try to do the same thing, Gradydid .....

Interstellar - In the near future around the American Midwest, Cooper an ex-science engineer and pilot, is tied to his farming land with his daughter Murph and son Tom. As devastating sandstorms ravage earths crops, the people of Earth realize their life here is coming to an end as food begins to run out. Eventually stumbling upon a NASA base near Cooper's home, he is asked to go on a daring mission with a few other scientists into a wormhole because of Cooper's scientific intellect and ability to pilot aircraft unlike the other crew members. In order to find a new home while Earth decays, Cooper must decide to either stay, or risk never seeing his children again in order to save the human race by finding another habitable planet .....

The Grand Budapest Hotel - A writer travels to the decadent Grand Budapest Hotel in the mountains of the Republic of Zubrowka and he meets the owner Mr. Zero Moustafa, who is a very simple man. Zero invites the author to have dinner with him and he tells his story and how he became the owner of the hotel. In 1932, in the glorious days of the Grand Budapest Hotel, Zero Moustafa is hired to work as lobby boy under the command of the legendary concierge Monsieur Gustave H that becomes his friend. Gustave efficiently manages the hotel and staff and also attends the sexual needs of the old ladies lodged at the hotel. He spends one night with Madame Céline Villeneuve "Madame D" Desgoffe und Taxis and soon he learns that she was found dead at home. Gustave summons Zero to travel with him to the funeral and he learns that he has inherited the valuable painting Boy with Apple. Madame D's son Dimitri and her family do not accept that a concierge may have inherited the painting and Gustave and Zero steal it and return to the Grand Budapest Hotel. Gustave promises Zero that he would be his heir for helping him. But Gustave is falsely accused of murdering Madame D and is arrested and imprisoned. Will his friend Zero leave him die in the prison? ...
